Are you playing around
with that man again?
- No.
- You're teasing him again.
- Don't wake him. He must rest.
- No, I'm not.
No, I'm not.
Thabo, you're doing that.
He's doing it. He's lying.
No, he's resting.
Go, go!
White Wolf!
Stop that!
Good morning, Sergeant Barnes.
Bucky.
How are you feeling?
Good.
Thank you.
Come.
Much more for you to learn.
Vis?
Is it the stone again?
It's as if it's speaking to me.
What does it say?
I don't...
I don't know, but something.
Hey.
Tell me what you feel.
I just feel you.
So there's a 10:00 a.m.
to Glasgow...
which would give us more time
together before you went back.
What if I miss that train?
There's an 11:00.
What if I missed all the trains?
What if this time
I didn't go back?
But you gave Stark your word.
I'd rather give it to you.
Well, there are people who
are expecting me too, you know.
We both made promises.
Not to each other.
Wanda.
For two years, we've
stolen these moments...
trying to see if this
could work and...
I don't know.
You know what, I'm just
gonna speak for myself.
I think...
- It works.
It works.
Stay.
Stay with me.
Or not.
If I'm overstepping...
What are they?
What the stone was
warning me about.
I have to go.
No, Vision.
Vision, if that's true,
then maybe going
isn't the best idea.
Wanda, I...
Vision!
The blade, it stopped
me from phasing.
- Is that even possible?
- It isn't supposed to be.
My systems are failing.
I'm beginning to think we
should have stayed in bed.
Vis!
Give up the stone,
and she lives.
Hands off.
Come on. Come on.
Come on, you gotta get up.
You gotta get up.
Come on. Hey.
Hey. We have to go.
Please.
Please leave.
You asked me to stay.
- I'm staying.
- Please.
- Get up.
- I can't.
We don't wanna
kill you, but we will.
You'll never get
the chance again.
Can you stand?
Thank you, Captain.
Let's get you on the jet.
Now, I thought we had a deal.
Stay close, check in,
don't take any chances.
I'm sorry.
We just wanted time.
Where to, Cap?
Home.
Okay.
The Skrulls sim alien races
to infiltrate and
take over planets.
And you're a Kree?
A race of noble warriors?
Heroes.
Noble warrior heroes.
So, um, what do Skrulls
want with Dr. Lawson?
They believe that she developed
a light-speed engine at Pegasus.
Light-speed engine?
Gotta admit, that's not
the craziest thing
I've heard today.
Well, it's still early.
And you, what do you want?
To stop the Skrulls before
they become unstoppable.
And?
Look, war is a
universal language.
I know a rogue
soldier when I see one.
You got a personal
stake in this.
This is government property.
Turn your vehicle around.
Nicholas Joseph Fury.
Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Place your thumb on the pad.
One moment.
Nicholas Joseph Fury.
You have three names?
Everybody calls me Fury.
Not Nicholas. Not Joseph. Not Nick.
Just Fury.
- What does your mom call you?
- Fury.
- What do you call her?
What about your kids?
If I have them,
they'll call me Fury.
You are cleared for access.
Thank you.
Oh, hold up.
You look like somebody's
disaffected niece.
Put that on.
- What is it?
- It's the S.H.I.E.L.D. logo.
Does, uh, announcing
your identity on clothing
help with the covert
part of your job?
Said the space soldier who
was wearing a rubber suit.
Lose the flannel.
How can I help you?
We're agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
We're looking for a
woman named Lawson.
A Dr. Wendy Lawson.
Do you know her?
Follow me.
Hmm.
You familiar with the
phrase "welcome wagon"?
No.
Well, this ain't it.
Is that a communicator?
Yeah. State-of-the-art
two-way pager.
Who are you paging?
My mom. Don't worry.
I didn't mention you.
After you.
Impressive.
Oh, you should see what
I can do with a paperclip.
Bill is filling that
girl's head with lies.
Elihas Starr was a traitor.
He stole my plans.
Now, bring it down.
All right, lock it in.
No, no, no.
The bolt is on the other side.
Tighten that one down,
then bring it down one notch.
Good job.
It'll work.
Foster, he could have
fried the entire system.
Look, we'll adjust the relays
while you go reprogram
the settings, all right?
It's going to be fine.
So, this is it.
Yeah.
You'd think with all this time
to prepare I'd be more ready.
Oh, going subatomic isn't
something you can prepare for.
It kind of melts your mind.
I mean seeing my mom again.
Oh.
What if she's a completely
different person?
Yeah, like, uh,
George Washington.
I'm serious, Scott.
Or George Jefferson.
What if she's
forgotten about me?
When I was in prison...
the only thing that got
me through was Cassie.
I could have been
locked up for 100 years...
I never would
have forgotten her.
I know your mom is
counting the minutes
until she can see you again.
Thank you.
Hey.
We got a big problem.
You forgot the
motion sensor lights
on the back of the building.
Oh, no.
And they're on the proposal,
and Karapetyan asked
for them specifically.
Uh, yeah, look, it's
been a little crazy.
Look, maybe I could stop
by tomorrow, take a look at it.
No. No, no, no, no.
The meeting is first
thing in the morning.
You gotta come
right now and fix it.
I can't.
I wish I could, but I can't leave.
You know what,
I'm coming to you.
I'll just bring the plans.
They're on the laptop.
And you can fix them there.
Just tell me where
you are, okay?
It's complicated.
What do you mean
it's complicated?
As you can see, sir,
this system is state of the art.
Security of tomorrow, today.
Oh, that's so good!
And I love the lean-in, bro.
Keep practicin'.
Hey, I just gotta
drive up to Scotty's,
so we can fix the plans.
But don't worry, I'll be
back in plenty of time.
- As you can see...
- Oh, oh, oh!
Tell me you got the van
washed for tomorrow morning.
Down to the undercarriage, baby.
You sprung for the
undercarriage wash?
Well, you said get the works.
That's a scam, bro.
We live in California, not Minnesota.
He's right.
The undercarriage wash,
that's for cleaning
off road salt...
laid down in our more
snow-laden sister states.
Who are you, and why
do you know so much
about car wash protocol?
Well, my name is Sonny Burch.
And I do my research, Luis.
To wit, I have learned
from a friend of mine...
at the FBI that you are
a known associate
of Scott Lang...
a known associate of Hank
Pym, who I've also learned...
has a portable
shrinking laboratory...
filled with all
kinds of juicy tech.
And you're gonna
tell me where it is.
Well, I hate to break it to you,
but I don't know what
you're talking about.
Well, I sense a
resistance in you, Luis.
And I have promised results
to some dangerous people.
So, I'm gonna introduce
you to my good friend, Uzman.
Now...
Uzman is a master
at extracting information
from the unwilling...
through psychoactive means.
Oh, is that truth serum?
There's no such
thing as truth serum.
That's just nonsense from TV.
Well, what is it then?
It's a little concoction
that he's been perfecting
since his days with the S.I.S.
It makes you suggestible
and highly responsive.
Well, dude, that's truth serum.
No, it's not.
No offensing, but they
sound like truth serum to me.
- Right?
- It's not a truth serum.
Okay. Hey, I believe you.
It's not a truth serum.
I mean, if it walk like
duck and talk like ducks...
The truth serum.
Well, I have a
lot of allergies...
so you might wanna
think about that.
We've got to get that lab back.
What?
The chamber and the suit
are barely helping anymore.
How long have I got?
A couple of weeks, maybe.
Well, then we'll make
them bring the lab back.
How?
Lang.
He has a daughter, right?
You can't mean that.
Ava!
I tolerate a lot of the
things you do out there...
but I won't be a part
of anything like that.
You're not the one who's about
to fade away into nothing, Bill.
I am!
You said you could fix me!
You promised.
I know. I will.
But not like that.
You lay one finger
on that little girl...
I won't help you.
And we're done.
Fine.
There are other options.
You know what? You're right.
This isn't truth serum.
Because I don't feel anything.
That was a lie.
I do feel something.
This is truth serum!
There's no such thing!
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Now, I'm gonna make
this real easy for you, Luis.
Okay.
Where is Scott Lang?
Well, see, that's complicated.
Because when I first met
Scotty, he was in a bad place.
And I'm not talkin'
about cell block D.
His wife had just filed for
divorce, and I was, like...
"Damn, homie.
She dumped you when you're on lockup?"
And he was, like, "Yeah, I know.
"I thought I was gonna
be with her forever...
"but now I'm all alone."
And I was, like, "Damn, homie.
You know what?
"You gotta chin up, because
you'll find a new partner.
"But you know what? I'm Luis."
And he says, "You know what?
I'm Scotty,
"and we're gonna
be best friends."
Okay, hold on, hold on.
I like a good story as
much as the next person...
but what in the hell
does this have to do
with where Scott Lang is?
I'm getting there.
You put a dime in him,
you gotta let the
whole song play out.
He like human jukebox.
Oh, my abuelita had a
jukebox in the restaurant!
Yeah, only played Morrissey.
And if anybody ever
complained, she'd be like...
You know, Chicanos,
we call him "Moz."
Then, ¡adios!
What can I say? We relate to his
melancholy ballads, you know?
- Lang!
- Right, right, right.
So, anyway, Scotty
gets out of jail,
and he starts working for Hank.
That's when he met Hope.
And Hope's all, like...
"I want nothing to do with you.
"Look at my hairdo,
I'm all business."
And then Scotty's, like,
"You know what, girl?
My heart is all broken.
"And I'll probably
never find love again,
"but damn if I
want to kiss you!"
But then you fast forward
and they're all into
each other, right?
And then Scotty's, like,
"You know what?
I can't tell you this...
"but I'm gonna go trash an
airport with Captain America."
And then she said, "I can't
believe you split like that!
"Smell you later, dummy."
So, Scotty goes on house arrest.
And he won't admit it,
but his heart is all, like...
"Damn!
I thought Hope coulda been
"my new true
partner, but I blew it!"
But fate brought
'em back together.
And then Hope's heart is all...
"I'm worried that
I can't trust him...
"and he's gonna screw up
again, and ruin everything!"
And then my
heart is all, like...
"That fancy raspberry filling
represents the company's red
"and we're days away from
going out of business. Oh!"
"Out of business"?
"Days away"?
Damn truth serum!
I was trying to protect you guys.
I swear to God.
I was trying to be a good
boss, but we're broke!
And the Karapetyan's
our last hope.
And if we don't
show up, we're done!
That's terrible bossing!
Damn, bro!
- That's on me! That's on me!
- Hey!
Enough.
I'm gonna ask you one more time.
Where is Scott Lang?
I've been trying to tell you,
he's in a tricky spot,
emotionally speaking.
Emotionally speaking.
Well, where is Scott
Lang, literally speaking!
Oh! The woods.
The woods?
Baba Yaga!
What do you mean, "the woods"?
The Muir Woods,
the second fire road
off the Panoramic Highway!
For God's sake!
Baba Yaga, come at night
Little children, sleepy tight
Damn it!
If that freak gets Pym's tech...
I'm never gonna see it.
So, what do we do now?
It's easier to steal
it from the Feds
than from the boogeyman.
Hey, it's me.
How'd you like to get a promotion?
I got the location on
Pym, Van Dyne and Lang.
But you gonna have
to take 'em down now,
because they ain't
gonna be there for long.
And when you do, you
gonna get me that lab.
Understood.
Good news, gentlemen.
Feds are gonna do
the hard work for us.
What are you lookin' at?
Change my tires!
Right.
- Sir.
- Can you knock?
Sorry, sir.
Uh, but I just got a lead.
Ooh, I love leads.
Hey, there. How are you?
Oh, my goodness.
Look at you. Just look at you.
Aren't you the
cutest little thing?
Aren't you cute?
And what's your name, huh?
What's your name?
"Goose."
Cool name for a cool cat.
Fury?
Hmm?
I'll be back.
Oh! Let me get
my fingerprint out.
Just let me unravel this puppy.
You sat there and
watched me play with tape?
When all you had to do was...
I didn't wanna
steal your thunder.
Huh. Lawson.
Lawson's plan for
the light-speed engine.
I wonder why they
terminated the project.
Um, maybe because she's cuckoo.
Kree glyphs?
Hmm?
Lawson is not cuckoo.
She's Kree.
Well, she's dead.
What?
She crashed the Asis aircraft
doing an
unauthorized test flight.
Took a pilot down with her.
That's why security
here is so unfriendly.
They're covering up
a billion-dollar mistake.
Oh, and your light-speed
engine is toast.
When did this crash happen?
Six years ago. 1989.
Who was the pilot?
Um, most of this
thing's redacted...
but there is a testimonial
here from a Maria Rambeau.
Last person to see them alive.
You okay?
Mm-hmm.
Back in a minute.
Where's your head at?
In the clouds. Where's yours?
On my shoulders.
About to show these
boys how we do it.
You ready?
Higher, further, faster, baby.
That's right.
Goose likes you.
She doesn't typically
take to people.
Early start to your morning.
Uh, late night, actually.
I can't sleep when
there's work to do.
Sound familiar?
Flying your planes
never feels like work.
Wonderful view, isn't it?
I prefer the view from up there.
You'll get there
soon enough, Ace.
This isn't about fighting wars.
It's about ending them.
System's in the green.
Priming the coils.
Full charge.
As soon as the tunnel's open...
let us know if you get anything
that could be a
part of her message.
Yeah, yeah. I will.
Okay, then.
Here it goes.
We did it!
You got anything?
Nothin'.
Well, just give it a minute,
because it could...
No.
No, no, no, no!
What's happening?
It's shutting down.
Maybe our vectors are off.
We've gone over them a
million times, I know they're right!
Then what else could it be?
I don't know!
- Scott, what are you doing?
- Scott, get away from that!
Scott, you can't...
I'm sorry, I don't know
how much time I have.
I need to fix the algorithm.
Trust me, after
30 years down here...
I've thought about it a lot.
Janet?
Hi, honey.
Jellybean.
Mom?
It's not the reunion
I'd imagined.
It's all so rushed.
You two have done
such great work.
You just need a little...
nudge.
Janet, how is this possible?
It wasn't a message you put
in Scott's head.
It was an antenna.
Clever girl.
I'm so proud of you.
Honey, tell us where you are.
Tell us how to find you.
No, the probability
fields are too complex.
That's why I needed
to talk to you.
You have to follow my voice.
Of course!
Like tracing a call
back to its source!
I'm tracking your signal
using subatomic frequencies...
between point two
and point nine.
I'd narrow it to four and six.
That's too tight.
We could miss you.
Look at us squabbling again.
Fine. All right,
between three and seven.
Our first fight in decades,
and it's over just like that.
Bullseye.
Source lock.
It's you.
We got it!
You have to meet me at
these exact coordinates.
In the wasteland,
beyond the quantum void.
It's very dangerous,
especially on the human mind,
so be careful.
Time and space work
very differently down here.
You have two hours.
After that, the probability
fields will shift...
and it'll be another century
before they align
like this again.
We'll find you.
I know you will, Jellybean.
Nope.
Nothing. I got nothing.
No sign of Janet.
Perfect.
How did we get up here?
All right, first you're gonna
see all kinds of lights...
and it's gonna
get really trippy...
but then it's gonna turn
black and silent. Really silent.
Scott, I'll be fine.
I'm just saying because
I've been down there.
Yeah, so you've mentioned.
Um, sorry. I have to take this.
Hey, man, you coming?
No, I'm not, but you know what?
Ghost is.
And you know what?
The Feds, they know where you are.
- What?
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Uh, they gave me
some truth serum.
And then all of a sudden
I started talkin' all honestly.
Like, I hate the way that
you load the dishwasher.
I hate it, I hate it.
- Uh...
- But you need to go home...
because the Feds are
probably going there now!
And by the way...
who puts the plates on the top rack?
They don't go there!
I feel like such a jerk.
You're gonna be really mad.
We gotta go now.
What?
Ghost knows where we are.
So does the FBI.
How?
- I told Luis where we are.
- You what?
I told him to come
here so I could help him
with the Karapetyan proposal.
Oh, my God!
Look, we need to
land that account.
Otherwise, we lose the business!
Do you know hard
it is for ex-cons
to find work these days?
Jesus, Scott!
90 seconds to
close the aperture!
You have to
depolarize the coils first!
I know!
I'm really sorry...
but the, um, FBI is
coming to my place so...
I have to go.
Can I borrow the suit?
Gyroscopic stabilizers.
Powering on.
I'm just gonna borrow the suit.
I'll come back.
Just tell me where you'll be.
- Don't bother.
- What?
We'll come and get
the suit from you,
as soon as we've found my mom.
- Hope...
- Scott, just go!
- Scott?
- Daddy?
It's us, buddy!
We're here for Cassie's shoes!
He must be resting.
Honey, why don't you go upstairs
and look under your bed?
Daddy, you upstairs?
Daddy?
What the...
He really lives like
a pig these days.
Daddy?
Spread out!
Again?
You people have no shame!
The monitor says that
he's in the bathroom.
Yeah, I'm not buying it!
Cassie, let the man get by!
But Daddy's super sick!
I'll see about that!
He says he doesn't want
anyone else to get sick!
I'll take my chances, sweetie.
He barfed.
Like, a lot.
Young lady, I'm a federal agent.
I've seen worse
things than vomit.
Like, "a lot" a lot?
- Yes!
- Forget it, move aside!
No!
Woo!
- What are you doing here?
- Scott.
I'm sorry, I'm just really sick.
I told you.
Excuse me.
Sometimes you gotta just get it out.
You know?
Sorry.
I'll start the van.
You get the lab.
Freeze!
You're surrounded!
Hank Pym...
Hope Van Dyne...
you're under arrest.
This is harassment!
Actually, it's not.
What does the
FBI even stand for...
"Forever Bothering Individuals"?
- His monitor check out?
- Of course it does.
Damn it!
Looks like I just got
fed a bowl of malarkey.
We got 'em sir.
Pym and Van Dyne are in custody.
Seriously?
Yes!
Oh, I'm sorry, Scott.
They're your friends.
That's insensitive.
I just really needed
a win, you know?
Anyway, I'll be back later
for the official end
of your sentence!
Sorry for misjudging you, pal!
You should feel
great about yourself!
What is it?
We have a man down.
And Pym's lab is gone.
I know Lawson was Kree.
She was here on C-53
and died in a plane crash.
Do you know anything about this?
I just discovered
a mission report
sent from C-53.
There's only so much
I'm cleared to
tell you, Vers, but...
Lawson was an undercover
Kree operative named Mar-Vell.
She was working on
a unique energy core.
Experimenting with tech
that apparently could
help us win the war.
She still here?
She's cooperating with
the investigation, sir.
- You men stay here.
- Yes, sir.
I want to question her alone.
Excellent work, Nicholas.
Does it say anything about me?
Anything about you?
No, of course not.
Why would it?
I found evidence
that I had a life here.
On C-53?
Mar-Vell is who I see
when I visit the
Supreme Intelligence.
I knew her.
And I knew her as Lawson.
This sounds like
Skrull simulation, Vers.
No, it's not.
Because I remember. I was here.
Stop. Remember your training.
Know your enemy.
It could be you.
Do not let your emotions
override your judgment.
She's on sublevel six.
I'll get off on five...
and take the stairs in
case she makes a run for it.
Do a pincer move
like we did in Havana.
Right. Like we did in Havana.
We're nearing the jump point.
Leave your beacon
on so I can find you.
We'll get to the
bottom of this, Vers.
Together.
Okay.
Vers!
Fury's colluding
with the target.
Then why would he call us in?
All I know is we take him in, too.
Dead or alive.
Dead or alive?
Go. Go, go!
Was it something I said?
Mmm-mmm.
Now, you know, I don't
really need these to see...
but they do kinda
complete the look.
Don't you think?
You called them in?
My bad.
Coulson, do you
have eyes on them?
They're not down here.
Let's try up there.
Do you know how
to fly this thing?
Uh, we'll see.
That's a yes or no question.
Yes.
That's what I'm talking about!
We got a stowaway.
Hang on, Goose.
Goose.
No, Goose.
Who's a good kitty, huh?
Huh, Goose?
Yes, that's right.
Who's a good kitty, Goose?
You the good
kitty, that's right.
See anyone you know?
Funny story.
I arrived on Hala near dead.
No memory.
That was six years ago.
So, you think you're the pilot
that went down with Dr. Lawson?
I'm saying the last
person to see them alive
could probably tell us.
- Maria Rambeau?
- Mm-hmm.
So, how do we get to Louisiana?
Due east.
Hang a right at Memphis.
That agent...
that stopped the
Skrulls from finding us?
Coulson. The new guy.
I guess he doesn't hate me yet.
Yeah, well, give him time.
I guess he had a
feeling, you know?
Went with his
gut against orders.
That's a really
hard thing to do.
But it's what keeps us human.
I get in trouble for that.
A lot.
Oh, I can see that about you.
Rescuing the guy who
sold you out to the Skrulls?
I'm guessing that's not
standard Kree
operating procedure.
Well, I won't tell your
boss if you don't tell mine.
Ronan.
The Accusers completed
their operation...
but the greater
mission was a failure,
thanks to your team.
It was a trap
to lure our operative Vers
to Torfa and kidnap her.
Give us their location.
We'll take care of
the terrorist threat.
By bombing them
out of the galaxy?
No, we'll handle this.
A cell of Skrulls anywhere
is a threat to Kree everywhere.
Where are they?
- They are...
- Lost.
They are lost for now.
But we will find them.
Do so, or we will.
Maintain the course for C-53.
Hey.
Thanks for covering for me.
Sure.
So...
how long have you
been Ant-Man again?
Not long.
It just sort of happened.
I'm sorry for lying to you...
and I'm sorry for
risking everything.
Daddy, it's okay.
It's not.
I do some dumb things...
and the people that I
love the most pay the price.
Mainly you.
Trying to help
people isn't dumb.
I screw it up just
about every time.
So, maybe you just need
someone watching your back...
like a partner.
Well, she's made it clear
that's about the
last thing she wants.
Who?
Hope.
Wait, who did you think?
Me.
You?
Don't laugh.
I'd be a great partner.
Aw, peanut.
Aw. You would be awesome.
And if I let you...
I would be a terrible dad.
Fine.
Then have Hope be your partner.
She's smart.
She reminds me of you.
You gonna go help her?
I think you should help her.
I wish I could...
but I don't know how I could
help her without hurting you.
You can do it.
You can do anything.
You are the world's
greatest grandma.
Agent Woo will
see you in an hour.
An hour? We don't have an hour.
Oh, you got
somewhere else to be?
Oh, now, that's my girl.
All right, what's our plan?
To shrink that wall.
It looks load-bearing.
The ceiling could collapse.
Then we run like hell.
Now, I estimate 15-20
agents on the floor.
Roughly five times that
in the building at large.
They're all heavily armed.
Not great odds.
You got any better ideas?
Nope.
And I'm not giving up on Mom.
She'd be so proud of you.
Okay.
One...
two...
Scott?
What're you two just
standing around for?
We gotta go find that lab.
What about me?
Perfect.
Hurry up and get dressed.
We don't have much time.
Okay, now what?
You're asking me?
Get in!
Hi.
Uh, excuse me.
Are we planning on leaving soon...
or are you two gonna
keep staring at each other...
until they start shooting at us?
Yeah.
- Hey, Burch.
- Yeah.
Yeah, they're out.
I'm on my way.
Her suit is missing,
and so is the van.
How could this happen?
I mean, what the dickens?
Still no word from Vision?
Satellites lost him
somewhere over Edinburgh.
On a stolen Quinjet
with four of the world's
most wanted criminals.
You know they're
only criminals because
you've chosen to call
them that, right, sir?
My God, Rhodes.
Your talent for horseshit
rivals my own.
If it weren't for those Accords,
Vision would've been right here.
I remember your signature
on those papers, Colonel.
That's right.
And I'm pretty
sure I paid for that.
You have second thoughts?
Not anymore.
Mr. Secretary.
You got some nerve.
I'll give you that.
You could use some
of that right now.
The world's on fire.
And you think all is forgiven?
I'm not looking for forgiveness.
And I'm way past
asking permission.
Earth just lost
her best defender.
So we're here to fight.
And if you wanna
stand in our way...
we'll fight you too.
Arrest them.
All over it.
That's a court-martial.
It's great to see you, Cap.
You too, Rhodey.
Hey.
Wow. You guys...
really look like crap.
Must've been a
rough couple years.
Yeah, well, the hotels
weren't exactly five star.
Uh, I think you look great.
Uh...
Yeah, I'm back.
Hi, Bruce.
Nat.
This is awkward.
So we gotta assume
they're coming back, right?
And they can clearly find us.
We need all hands on deck.
Where's Clint?
After the whole
Accords situation,
he and Scott took a deal.
It was too tough
on their families.
They're on house arrest.
- Who's Scott?
- Ant-Man.
There's an Ant-Man
and a Spider-Man?
Okay, look.
Thanos has the biggest
army in the universe...
and he is not gonna
stop until he gets...
Vision's stone.
Then we have to protect it.
No, we have to destroy it.
I've been giving a
good deal of thought
to this entity in my head.
About its nature.
But also its composition.
I think if it were exposed
to a sufficiently
powerful energy source...
something very similar to
its own signature, perhaps...
its molecular
integrity could fail.
Yeah, and you with it.
We're not having
this conversation.
Eliminating the
stone is the only way
to be certain that
Thanos can't get it.
That's too high a price.
Only you have
the power to pay it.
Thanos threatens
half the universe.
One life cannot stand in
the way of defeating him.
But it should.
We don't trade lives, Vision.
Captain, 70 years ago,
you laid down your life...
to save how many
millions of people?
Tell me, why is
this any different?
Because you might have a choice.
Your mind is made up
of a complex
construct of overlays.
Jarvis, Ultron,
Tony, me, the stone.
All of them mixed together,
all of them learning
from one another.
You're saying Vision
isn't just the stone?
I'm saying that if we
take out the stone...
there's still a whole
lot of Vision left.
Perhaps the best parts.
Can we do that?
Not me, not here.
Well, you better find someone
and somewhere fast.
Ross isn't just
gonna let you guys
have your old rooms back.
I know somewhere.
The Kingsguard
and the Dora Milaje
have been alerted.
And the Border Tribe?
Those that are left.
Send word to the Jabari as well.
M'Baku likes a good fight.
And what of this one?
This one may be tired of war.
But the White Wolf
has rested long enough.
Where's the fight?
On its way.